Describe how you would deal with a flatmate who keeps borrowing your things without asking.
Review the pair of headphones that you bought online last week.
Discuss the impact of social media on interpersonal relationships.
Describe a fictional character.
Describe how you would respond to a rude customer in a customer service role.
Write your opinion on the role of artificial intelligence in education.
Describe the atmosphere in a sports stadium.
Write a scene from the perspective of a toddler who really, really, REALLY wants some fruit snacks.
Write a story that involves magic.
Write about the place you would like to be at right now.
Describe an incident that could cause an aircraft to crash during the flight.
Describe a typical day for a family in the 1980s.
Write an introduction about yourself for an application.
Tell me about a concert in America last year.
Write a couple of lyrics about society.
Write a weather forecast for the upcoming weekend.
Compare the taste of a strawberry milkshake with that of a vanilla milkshake.
Share a personal anecdote about a vacation you’ve had.
Describe a piece of art.
Share a personal experience that challenged your beliefs and changed your perspective.
Describe a person who has influenced your life and explain why.
Share a quote or mantra that inspires you and explain why it resonates with you.
Share a personal experience of overcoming a fear or facing a challenge.
Describe a meal or dish that holds sentimental value to you and why.
Describe how you would handle a disagreement with a close friend.
Describe your idea of what a fulfilling and meaningful life should be like.
Write a debate on the death penalty.
Write your opinion on the role of government in society.
Comment on a critical review of your business written by a customer.
Describe what a film about you would be like.
Compare the cultural value of theatres and cinemas.
Compare the quality of coffee and tea.
Pick a colour. Write about that colour as if it was a person.
Describe in detail a place you have recently visited.
Write about the last time you cried.
Write a story that starts with 'I took off my boots. My socks were wet, and my feet were cold. The fireplace was dark.‘
Describe the stupidest argument you ever had.
Describe an imaginary board meeting at which the concept of PopTarts is proposed.
Choose a film character and a book character and write a story about how they meet.
Rewrite a famous filmscene from the perspective of a fish.
Write a story that starts with 'The moon was bright. Not that the person could see it.’.
Write a scene between a mentor and a mentee in which the mentee must stand up for himself or herself because the mentor doesn't give him or her enough credit.
Describe things that would improve your life at the moment.
Summarise your favourite fairy tale.
Describe the plot of a TV show that you would like to produce.
Write about your celebrity crush.
Write a letter to your parents.
Summarise the plot of ‘The Lord of the Rings’ by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Write a story about an encounter of a boy and a girl.
Describe the taste of your favourite food.
